README.md, before:

## EconCC

EconCC is a currency conversion and formatting library for Steam economy and real world currencies, based on the format used by backpack.tf.

You can feed backpack.tf's IGetCurrencies API into it, or specify your own currencies. Currency-specific rounding is supported, and you can include as many real world currencies as you'd like.

EconCC has no dependencies and is supported on node.js/io.js and the browser (ES5 or better). backpack.tf parsing is supported for IGetCurrencies v1. You must obtain the data yourself and JSON.parse it before feeding it into EconCC.

CSGO/Dota 2 support is a possibility, however neither games have good price representations.

npm: `npm install --save steam-econcc`

### Examples
See [EconCCSpec.js](spec/EconCCSpec.js) for some example usage.

### Documentation
See [Documentation.md](Documentation.md).

### Testing
Tests are written using jasmine. Install the test runner globally (`npm install -g jasmine`) and run `npm test` in the root directory.

Compile the source with: `babel src/econcc.es6.js --no-comments --loose -m umdStrict --module-id EconCC > econcc.js && node fixbabel`

### License

[MIT](License)

Commit message:

Major SCM improvements
* Converter support (support for IGetPrices and IGetMarketPrices)
* #scm can now calculate fees with the seller's received value and fees
can be modified
* #makeCurrency
* static .stmCalculateFee, static .stmCalculateInclFee (including fee,
includes fee)

Breaking change for some use cases.

README.md, after:

## EconCC

EconCC is a currency conversion and formatting library for Steam economy and real world currencies, based on the format used by backpack.tf.

You can feed backpack.tf's IGetCurrencies API into it, or specify your own currencies. Currency-specific rounding is supported, and you can include as many real world currencies as you'd like.

EconCC has no dependencies and is supported on node.js/io.js and the browser (ES5 or better). backpack.tf parsing is supported for IGetCurrencies v1. You must obtain the data yourself and JSON.parse it before feeding it into EconCC.

CSGO/Dota 2 are supported, using backpack.tf's IGetMarketPrices API. See [CSGOSCMSpec.js](spec/CSGOSCMSpec.js) for an implementation.

npm: `npm install --save steam-econcc`

### Examples
See [TFSpec.js](spec/TFSpec.js) for some example usage.

### Documentation
See [Documentation.md](Documentation.md).

### Testing
Tests are written using jasmine. Install the test runner globally (`npm install -g jasmine`) and run `npm test` in the root directory.

Compile the source with: `npm run build`

### License

[MIT](License)
